README.md, before:

# DIYScience

We are working on various projects to network and support grassroots citizen science initiatives

Background
----------
There are a lot of independent communities and initiatives around the world trying to engage with science from a grassroots, non-institutional position: doing our own research, bringing diverse (often marginalised) societal perspectives to the practice or application of science, sharing knowledge, building communities and collaborations. We do this out of personal motivation to learn, to share, to explore our relationship to science, to pursue research and projects that don’t fit within institutional agendas or traditional academic careers. At the core of it is the belief that science should be accessible to and for the benefit of everyone in society, not just the privileged few.


Who are we?
-----------
Connect with the network here: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/diyscience


What are we going to work on?
-----------------------------
This project is still very much in development, but there are two main areas we think we could work on:
1. Build an advocacy campaign to reach decision-makers that encourages measures to support grassroots citizen science initiatives.
2. Crowdsource and collect best practice advice and resources from the network on how to successfully run a DIY Science / grassroots citizen science project (on funding, equitable collaboration, how to access space and equipment, etc)


What kind of help do we need?
-----------------------------
- ADVOCACY EXPERIENCE: We'd love to hear from anyone who has experience of advocacy work, especially in a European context.
- DIY SCIENTISTS: We'd love to connect with further grassroots citizen science communities or initiatives. You likely have rich experience to share, or perhaps you are ready to take your project further but are facing barriers, for example access to funding, regulation blocks etc, or perhaps you have already overcome barriers - it would be great if you could join our campaign and share your stories!
- SUPPORT: Most of us don't have an institutional affilliation and are already over-stretched volunteer community managers or leads for existing projects. If anyone has any tips for where we could apply for funding to support developing this campaign, at least to cover travel expenses to Brussels, that'd be great!


How to Contribute
-----------------
This is an evolving project and precise nature of what we'll be focussing will be defined in the next weeks.
- We plan to kick-off at the [Biofabbing Convergence](http://citizensciences.net/biofabbing/), Geneva, 10-14th May 2017 with some stakeholder mapping, further team-buiding, and planning sessions for our advocacy efforts. Through that we should be able to design a roadmap and some concrete work packages.
- We will be part of the [Mozilla Global Sprint](https://mozilla.github.io/global-sprint/), 1-2nd June - [issue in the mozilla/global-sprint repo here](https://github.com/mozilla/global-sprint/issues/64). More details on what we'll be working on there to follow.

Commit message:

Added "How to get funding" project

README.md, after:

# DIYScience

We are working on various projects to network and support grassroots citizen science initiatives

Background
----------
There are a lot of independent communities and initiatives around the world trying to engage with science from a grassroots, non-institutional position: doing our own research, bringing diverse (often marginalised) societal perspectives to the practice or application of science, sharing knowledge, building communities and collaborations. We do this out of personal motivation to learn, to share, to explore our relationship to science, to pursue research and projects that don’t fit within institutional agendas or traditional academic careers. At the core of it is the belief that science should be accessible to and for the benefit of everyone in society, not just the privileged few.


Who are we?
-----------
Connect with the network here: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/diyscience


What are we going to work on?
-----------------------------
This project is still very much in development, but there are two main areas we think we could work on:
1. Build an advocacy campaign to reach decision-makers that encourages measures to support grassroots citizen science initiatives.
2. Crowdsource and collect best practice advice and resources from the network on how to successfully run a DIY Science / grassroots citizen science project (on funding, equitable collaboration, how to access space and equipment, etc)


What kind of help do we need?
-----------------------------
- ADVOCACY EXPERIENCE: We'd love to hear from anyone who has experience of advocacy work, especially in a European context.
- DIY SCIENTISTS: We'd love to connect with further grassroots citizen science communities or initiatives. You likely have rich experience to share, or perhaps you are ready to take your project further but are facing barriers, for example access to funding, regulation blocks etc, or perhaps you have already overcome barriers - it would be great if you could join our campaign and share your stories!
- SUPPORT: Most of us don't have an institutional affilliation and are already over-stretched volunteer community managers or leads for existing projects. If anyone has any tips for where we could apply for funding to support developing this campaign, at least to cover travel expenses to Brussels, that'd be great!


How to Contribute
-----------------

1. **Advocacy Campaign**: 
This is an evolving project and precise nature of what we'll be focussing will be defined in the next weeks.
    - We plan to kick-off at the [Biofabbing Convergence](http://citizensciences.net/biofabbing/), Geneva, 10-14th May 2017 with some stakeholder mapping, further team-buiding, and planning sessions for our advocacy efforts. Through that we should be able to design a roadmap and some concrete work packages.
    - We will be part of the [Mozilla Global Sprint](https://mozilla.github.io/global-sprint/), 1-2nd June - [issue in the mozilla/global-sprint repo here](https://github.com/mozilla/global-sprint/issues/64). More details on what we'll be working on there to follow.

2. **Crowdsourcing Resources**: 
We are starting out with a project to document funding opportunities for grassroots projects. Please feel free to [contribute to the project here](https://github.com/DIYScience/DIYScience/projects/4).
